feat: recommend trading post (#8)
useverto/lib: README.md

Returns a list of the latest five transactions for a given wallet address.

#### `recommendPost()`

> Returns a trading post address that was selected using a weighted random based on the trading post reputations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a recommended trading post address to trade with. Note: Uses a weighted random on reputations.
```
